Sample Name	Factor Value[compound]	Factor Value[dose]	Factor Value[duration]	Protocol REF	Extract Name	Protocol REF	Parameter Value[magnetic field strength]	Unit	Parameter Value[nmr tube]	Parameter Value[pulse sequence]	NMR Assay Name	Free Induction Decay File	Protocol REF	Parameter Value[nmr software]	Data Transformation Name	Derived Data File
culture-1-sample-0	dioxygen	high	hour	intracellular metabolite extraction	extract-nmr-topo-0	1D 13C NMR spectroscopy for isotopomer analysis	6	Tesla	Brucker 14 mm Oscar	HSQC	assay-name-nmr-topo-HSQC-1	nmr-data-topoHSQC-1.nmrml	NMR metabolite identification	https://pypi.org/project/IsoSolve	NMR-TOPO-DT-ident	isotopomer-analysis.txt
culture-1-sample-0	dioxygen	high	hour	intracellular metabolite extraction	extract-nmr-topo-0	1D 13C NMR spectroscopy for isotopomer analysis	6	Tesla	Brucker 14 mm Oscar	ZQF-TOCSY	assay-name-nmr-topo-ZQF-TOCSY-1	nmr-data-topoZQF-TOCSY-1.nmrml	NMR metabolite identification	https://pypi.org/project/IsoSolve	NMR-TOPO-DT-ident	isotopomer-analysis.txt
culture-1-sample-0	dioxygen	high	hour	intracellular metabolite extraction	extract-nmr-topo-0	1D 13C NMR spectroscopy for isotopomer analysis	6	Tesla	Brucker 14 mm Oscar	HNCA	assay-name-nmr-topo-HNCA-1	nmr-data-topoHNCA-1.nmrml	NMR metabolite identification	https://pypi.org/project/IsoSolve	NMR-TOPO-DT-ident	isotopomer-analysis.txt
culture-1-sample-0	dioxygen	high	hour	intracellular metabolite extraction	extract-nmr-topo-0	1D 13C NMR spectroscopy for isotopomer analysis	6	Tesla	Brucker 14 mm Oscar	HACO-DIPSY	assay-name-nmr-topo-HACO-DIPSY-1	nmr-data-topoHACO-DIPSY-1.nmrml	NMR metabolite identification	https://pypi.org/project/IsoSolve	NMR-TOPO-DT-ident	isotopomer-analysis.txt
culture-1-sample-1	dioxygen	high	hour	intracellular metabolite extraction	extract-nmr-topo-2	1D 13C NMR spectroscopy for isotopomer analysis	6	Tesla	Brucker 14 mm Oscar	HACO-DIPSY	assay-name-nmr-topo-HACO-DIPSY-3	nmr-data-topoHACO-DIPSY-3.nmrml	NMR metabolite identification	https://pypi.org/project/IsoSolve	NMR-TOPO-DT-ident	isotopomer-analysis.txt
culture-1-sample-1	dioxygen	high	hour	intracellular metabolite extraction	extract-nmr-topo-2	1D 13C NMR spectroscopy for isotopomer analysis	6	Tesla	Brucker 14 mm Oscar	HNCA	assay-name-nmr-topo-HNCA-3	nmr-data-topoHNCA-3.nmrml	NMR metabolite identification	https://pypi.org/project/IsoSolve	NMR-TOPO-DT-ident	isotopomer-analysis.txt
culture-1-sample-1	dioxygen	high	hour	intracellular metabolite extraction	extract-nmr-topo-2	1D 13C NMR spectroscopy for isotopomer analysis	6	Tesla	Brucker 14 mm Oscar	HSQC	assay-name-nmr-topo-HSQC-3	nmr-data-topoHSQC-3.nmrml	NMR metabolite identification	https://pypi.org/project/IsoSolve	NMR-TOPO-DT-ident	isotopomer-analysis.txt
culture-1-sample-1	dioxygen	high	hour	intracellular metabolite extraction	extract-nmr-topo-2	1D 13C NMR spectroscopy for isotopomer analysis	6	Tesla	Brucker 14 mm Oscar	ZQF-TOCSY	assay-name-nmr-topo-ZQF-TOCSY-3	nmr-data-topoZQF-TOCSY-3.nmrml	NMR metabolite identification	https://pypi.org/project/IsoSolve	NMR-TOPO-DT-ident	isotopomer-analysis.txt
culture-1-sample-2	dioxygen	high	hour	intracellular metabolite extraction	extract-nmr-topo-4	1D 13C NMR spectroscopy for isotopomer analysis	6	Tesla	Brucker 14 mm Oscar	HNCA	assay-name-nmr-topo-HNCA-5	nmr-data-topoHNCA-5.nmrml	NMR metabolite identification	https://pypi.org/project/IsoSolve	NMR-TOPO-DT-ident	isotopomer-analysis.txt
culture-1-sample-2	dioxygen	high	hour	intracellular metabolite extraction	extract-nmr-topo-4	1D 13C NMR spectroscopy for isotopomer analysis	6	Tesla	Brucker 14 mm Oscar	HSQC	assay-name-nmr-topo-HSQC-5	nmr-data-topoHSQC-5.nmrml	NMR metabolite identification	https://pypi.org/project/IsoSolve	NMR-TOPO-DT-ident	isotopomer-analysis.txt
culture-1-sample-2	dioxygen	high	hour	intracellular metabolite extraction	extract-nmr-topo-4	1D 13C NMR spectroscopy for isotopomer analysis	6	Tesla	Brucker 14 mm Oscar	ZQF-TOCSY	assay-name-nmr-topo-ZQF-TOCSY-5	nmr-data-topoZQF-TOCSY-5.nmrml	NMR metabolite identification	https://pypi.org/project/IsoSolve	NMR-TOPO-DT-ident	isotopomer-analysis.txt
culture-1-sample-2	dioxygen	high	hour	intracellular metabolite extraction	extract-nmr-topo-4	1D 13C NMR spectroscopy for isotopomer analysis	6	Tesla	Brucker 14 mm Oscar	HACO-DIPSY	assay-name-nmr-topo-HACO-DIPSY-5	nmr-data-topoHACO-DIPSY-5.nmrml	NMR metabolite identification	https://pypi.org/project/IsoSolve	NMR-TOPO-DT-ident	isotopomer-analysis.txt
culture-1-sample-3	dioxygen	high	hour	intracellular metabolite extraction	extract-nmr-topo-6	1D 13C NMR spectroscopy for isotopomer analysis	6	Tesla	Brucker 14 mm Oscar	HACO-DIPSY	assay-name-nmr-topo-HACO-DIPSY-7	nmr-data-topoHACO-DIPSY-7.nmrml	NMR metabolite identification	https://pypi.org/project/IsoSolve	NMR-TOPO-DT-ident	isotopomer-analysis.txt
culture-1-sample-3	dioxygen	high	hour	intracellular metabolite extraction	extract-nmr-topo-6	1D 13C NMR spectroscopy for isotopomer analysis	6	Tesla	Brucker 14 mm Oscar	HNCA	assay-name-nmr-topo-HNCA-7	nmr-data-topoHNCA-7.nmrml	NMR metabolite identification	https://pypi.org/project/IsoSolve	NMR-TOPO-DT-ident	isotopomer-analysis.txt
culture-1-sample-3	dioxygen	high	hour	intracellular metabolite extraction	extract-nmr-topo-6	1D 13C NMR spectroscopy for isotopomer analysis	6	Tesla	Brucker 14 mm Oscar	ZQF-TOCSY	assay-name-nmr-topo-ZQF-TOCSY-7	nmr-data-topoZQF-TOCSY-7.nmrml	NMR metabolite identification	https://pypi.org/project/IsoSolve	NMR-TOPO-DT-ident	isotopomer-analysis.txt
culture-1-sample-3	dioxygen	high	hour	intracellular metabolite extraction	extract-nmr-topo-6	1D 13C NMR spectroscopy for isotopomer analysis	6	Tesla	Brucker 14 mm Oscar	HSQC	assay-name-nmr-topo-HSQC-7	nmr-data-topoHSQC-7.nmrml	NMR metabolite identification	https://pypi.org/project/IsoSolve	NMR-TOPO-DT-ident	isotopomer-analysis.txt
culture-2-sample-0	dioxygen	normal	hour	intracellular metabolite extraction	extract-nmr-topo-1	1D 13C NMR spectroscopy for isotopomer analysis	6	Tesla	Brucker 14 mm Oscar	HNCA	assay-name-nmr-topo-HNCA-2	nmr-data-topoHNCA-2.nmrml	NMR metabolite identification	https://pypi.org/project/IsoSolve	NMR-TOPO-DT-ident	isotopomer-analysis.txt
culture-2-sample-0	dioxygen	normal	hour	intracellular metabolite extraction	extract-nmr-topo-1	1D 13C NMR spectroscopy for isotopomer analysis	6	Tesla	Brucker 14 mm Oscar	ZQF-TOCSY	assay-name-nmr-topo-ZQF-TOCSY-2	nmr-data-topoZQF-TOCSY-2.nmrml	NMR metabolite identification	https://pypi.org/project/IsoSolve	NMR-TOPO-DT-ident	isotopomer-analysis.txt
culture-2-sample-0	dioxygen	normal	hour	intracellular metabolite extraction	extract-nmr-topo-1	1D 13C NMR spectroscopy for isotopomer analysis	6	Tesla	Brucker 14 mm Oscar	HSQC	assay-name-nmr-topo-HSQC-2	nmr-data-topoHSQC-2.nmrml	NMR metabolite identification	https://pypi.org/project/IsoSolve	NMR-TOPO-DT-ident	isotopomer-analysis.txt
culture-2-sample-0	dioxygen	normal	hour	intracellular metabolite extraction	extract-nmr-topo-1	1D 13C NMR spectroscopy for isotopomer analysis	6	Tesla	Brucker 14 mm Oscar	HACO-DIPSY	assay-name-nmr-topo-HACO-DIPSY-2	nmr-data-topoHACO-DIPSY-2.nmrml	NMR metabolite identification	https://pypi.org/project/IsoSolve	NMR-TOPO-DT-ident	isotopomer-analysis.txt
culture-2-sample-1	dioxygen	normal	hour	intracellular metabolite extraction	extract-nmr-topo-3	1D 13C NMR spectroscopy for isotopomer analysis	6	Tesla	Brucker 14 mm Oscar	HNCA	assay-name-nmr-topo-HNCA-4	nmr-data-topoHNCA-4.nmrml	NMR metabolite identification	https://pypi.org/project/IsoSolve	NMR-TOPO-DT-ident	isotopomer-analysis.txt
culture-2-sample-1	dioxygen	normal	hour	intracellular metabolite extraction	extract-nmr-topo-3	1D 13C NMR spectroscopy for isotopomer analysis	6	Tesla	Brucker 14 mm Oscar	ZQF-TOCSY	assay-name-nmr-topo-ZQF-TOCSY-4	nmr-data-topoZQF-TOCSY-4.nmrml	NMR metabolite identification	https://pypi.org/project/IsoSolve	NMR-TOPO-DT-ident	isotopomer-analysis.txt
culture-2-sample-1	dioxygen	normal	hour	intracellular metabolite extraction	extract-nmr-topo-3	1D 13C NMR spectroscopy for isotopomer analysis	6	Tesla	Brucker 14 mm Oscar	HSQC	assay-name-nmr-topo-HSQC-4	nmr-data-topoHSQC-4.nmrml	NMR metabolite identification	https://pypi.org/project/IsoSolve	NMR-TOPO-DT-ident	isotopomer-analysis.txt
culture-2-sample-1	dioxygen	normal	hour	intracellular metabolite extraction	extract-nmr-topo-3	1D 13C NMR spectroscopy for isotopomer analysis	6	Tesla	Brucker 14 mm Oscar	HACO-DIPSY	assay-name-nmr-topo-HACO-DIPSY-4	nmr-data-topoHACO-DIPSY-4.nmrml	NMR metabolite identification	https://pypi.org/project/IsoSolve	NMR-TOPO-DT-ident	isotopomer-analysis.txt
culture-2-sample-2	dioxygen	normal	hour	intracellular metabolite extraction	extract-nmr-topo-5	1D 13C NMR spectroscopy for isotopomer analysis	6	Tesla	Brucker 14 mm Oscar	HACO-DIPSY	assay-name-nmr-topo-HACO-DIPSY-6	nmr-data-topoHACO-DIPSY-6.nmrml	NMR metabolite identification	https://pypi.org/project/IsoSolve	NMR-TOPO-DT-ident	isotopomer-analysis.txt
culture-2-sample-2	dioxygen	normal	hour	intracellular metabolite extraction	extract-nmr-topo-5	1D 13C NMR spectroscopy for isotopomer analysis	6	Tesla	Brucker 14 mm Oscar	HSQC	assay-name-nmr-topo-HSQC-6	nmr-data-topoHSQC-6.nmrml	NMR metabolite identification	https://pypi.org/project/IsoSolve	NMR-TOPO-DT-ident	isotopomer-analysis.txt
culture-2-sample-2	dioxygen	normal	hour	intracellular metabolite extraction	extract-nmr-topo-5	1D 13C NMR spectroscopy for isotopomer analysis	6	Tesla	Brucker 14 mm Oscar	ZQF-TOCSY	assay-name-nmr-topo-ZQF-TOCSY-6	nmr-data-topoZQF-TOCSY-6.nmrml	NMR metabolite identification	https://pypi.org/project/IsoSolve	NMR-TOPO-DT-ident	isotopomer-analysis.txt
culture-2-sample-2	dioxygen	normal	hour	intracellular metabolite extraction	extract-nmr-topo-5	1D 13C NMR spectroscopy for isotopomer analysis	6	Tesla	Brucker 14 mm Oscar	HNCA	assay-name-nmr-topo-HNCA-6	nmr-data-topoHNCA-6.nmrml	NMR metabolite identification	https://pypi.org/project/IsoSolve	NMR-TOPO-DT-ident	isotopomer-analysis.txt
culture-2-sample-3	dioxygen	normal	hour	intracellular metabolite extraction	extract-nmr-topo-7	1D 13C NMR spectroscopy for isotopomer analysis	6	Tesla	Brucker 14 mm Oscar	HACO-DIPSY	assay-name-nmr-topo-HACO-DIPSY-8	nmr-data-topoHACO-DIPSY-8.nmrml	NMR metabolite identification	https://pypi.org/project/IsoSolve	NMR-TOPO-DT-ident	isotopomer-analysis.txt
culture-2-sample-3	dioxygen	normal	hour	intracellular metabolite extraction	extract-nmr-topo-7	1D 13C NMR spectroscopy for isotopomer analysis	6	Tesla	Brucker 14 mm Oscar	ZQF-TOCSY	assay-name-nmr-topo-ZQF-TOCSY-8	nmr-data-topoZQF-TOCSY-8.nmrml	NMR metabolite identification	https://pypi.org/project/IsoSolve	NMR-TOPO-DT-ident	isotopomer-analysis.txt
culture-2-sample-3	dioxygen	normal	hour	intracellular metabolite extraction	extract-nmr-topo-7	1D 13C NMR spectroscopy for isotopomer analysis	6	Tesla	Brucker 14 mm Oscar	HNCA	assay-name-nmr-topo-HNCA-8	nmr-data-topoHNCA-8.nmrml	NMR metabolite identification	https://pypi.org/project/IsoSolve	NMR-TOPO-DT-ident	isotopomer-analysis.txt
culture-2-sample-3	dioxygen	normal	hour	intracellular metabolite extraction	extract-nmr-topo-7	1D 13C NMR spectroscopy for isotopomer analysis	6	Tesla	Brucker 14 mm Oscar	HSQC	assay-name-nmr-topo-HSQC-8	nmr-data-topoHSQC-8.nmrml	NMR metabolite identification	https://pypi.org/project/IsoSolve	NMR-TOPO-DT-ident	isotopomer-analysis.txt
